Being single, you can focus more on other people rather than concentrating on yourself.
Being single, having more time, more flexibility really helped me to try to attend this goal,
which was regular pioneering.
Have you singleness as a gift because it opens opportunities to serve more focused and also more flexible?
You can study more, have more time in the field ministry, you have more time for the friends, you're more available.
Singleness definitely is a gift if it's used in the right way for Jehovah.
Singleness has not always been easy.
Sometimes there comes a period in life, a certain age where people start to ask,
and you find already somebody, you're getting married, and that's not always easy.
Sometimes people look at you and even brothers and sisters and feel a bit of pity for you maybe
because you're still single, and that sort of draws your attention away from what you're doing.
That sometimes can be difficult.
I think I got my singleness in the sense that to look out what kind of movies I watch,
not too romantic because it's easy to go in this type of thinking.
I've always made sure that I associate with a range of brothers and sisters from different age groups
but ones that have the similar sort of goals and they have a very positive outlook.
Following Jesus closely as a single, I think it's easier than a couple
because if we reflect on Jesus' life early rise,
a little bit fully focused on the ministry and on his father,
I think it's easier for a single.
He was available to help others.
He was available to teach others even for children.
He was available for them to give comfort.
Jesus was so busy in his ministry and focused.
And when you're single, you're able to do that.
Concentrate more of your energy and effort into the ministry, into serving Jehovah more fully.
It's not a matter of just being single.
It's a matter of how you use it to support Jehovah's arrangement.
It doesn't matter whatever age we are.
If we are single, use the circumstances that you've got at the moment to do whatever you can
because we're just living in a momentous time.
There's so much work for us to do.
Just go and pioneer or do something for Jehovah
and wait for him to surprise you.
You can use this time to do all sorts of different things in Jehovah's service at the moment.
There's so many opportunities open up for single ones, including single sisters now,
going where the needs are greater, moving to different countries, serving in Bethel.
So while you've got these circumstances, use the time now because it's wonderful.
It's wonderful.